Adds a tutorial explaining share links, debugging share issues, and how to set up your own share server (#10761)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/10_other-tutorials/understanding-gradio-share-links.md

Once the tunnel is established, Gradio's Share Server exposes your locally-running application to the internet under a unique domain in the format `xxxxx.gradio.live`. This entire process happens in the background, when you launch a Gradio app with `share=True`.

Next, we'll dive deeper into both the FRP Client and FRP Server, as they are used in Gradio.

### FRP Client

We use a [modified version of the FRP Client](https://github.com/huggingface/frp/tree/tls/client), which runs on your machine. We package binaries for the most common operating systems, and the FRP Client for your system is downloaded the first time you create a share link on your machine.

**Code**:
* The complete Go code for the client can be found [in this directory](https://github.com/huggingface/frp/tree/tls/client).
* We use this [Make script](https://github.com/huggingface/frp/blob/tls/Makefile) to package the Go code into binaries for each operating system.

> **Trouble Shooting**: Some antivirus programs (notably Windows Defender) block the download of the FRP Client. In this case, you'll see a message with details on how to install the file manually, something like:

Reviewer: nit, troubleshooting is one word 
```suggestion
**Troubleshooting**: Some antivirus programs (notably Windows Defender) block the download of the FRP Client. In this case, you'll see a message with details on how to install the file manually, something like:
```

The official Gradio share server is hosted at `gradio.live`, and we make our best effort to keep it running reliably at all times. This is the server that's used by default when you set `share=True` in your Gradio applications. You can check the current operational status of the official Gradio share server at [https://status.gradio.app/](https://status.gradio.app/). 

If you prefer, you can also host your own FRP server. This gives you complete control over the tunneling infrastructure and can be useful for enterprise deployments or situations where you need custom domains or additional security measures, or if you want to avoid the 72 hour timeout that is in place for links created through Gradio's official share server. Here are the instructions for running your own [Gradio Share Server](https://github.com/huggingface/frp?tab=readme-ov-file#why-run-your-own-share-server).

**Code**:
* The complete Go code for the client can be found [in this directory](https://github.com/huggingface/frp/tree/dev/server).
* The Dockerfile to launch [the FRP Server](https://github.com/huggingface/frp/blob/dev/dockerfiles/Dockerfile-for-frps) can be found here.

> **Trouble Shooting**: Gradio's Share Server may occasionally go down, despite our best effort to keep it running. If the [status page](https://status.gradio.app/) shows that the Gradio server is down, we'll work on fixing it, no need to create an issue!

Reviewer: nit, troubleshooting is one word 
```suggestion
**Troubleshooting**: Gradio's Share Server may occasionally go down, despite our best effort to keep it running. If the [status page](https://status.gradio.app/) shows that the Gradio server is down, we'll work on fixing it, no need to create an issue!
```
